Update GettingStartedGuide.md (#61)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-typescript: docs/GettingStartedGuide.md

2. Using your **app access key id** and **secret access key**, which you can find on platform's [Apps & Keys](https://platform.here.com/profile/apps-and-keys) page. For more details on how to create your authentication and authorization client for retrieving HERE tokens, see [Authentication and Authorization Developer's Guide](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/access_control/topics/introduction.html).

> After you set up the credentials, you can use them to access HERE OLP SDK libraries.

Reviewer: Change to:
"After you set up the credentials, you can use them to access the HERE OLP SDK libraries."

## <a name="components"></a> Available Components

> 

Reviewer: Comment to lines 40-45
Please change to:
"The OLP SDK for TypeScript package contains four independent modules that focus on a specific set of responsibilities:

- `olp-sdk-authentification`: gets OAuth2 bearer tokens used to confirm OLP requests.
- `olp-sdk-dataservice-api`: retrieves data from OLP.
- `olp-sdk-dataservice-read`: retrieves layer and partition data from OLP catalogs.
- `olp-sdk-fetch`: adds a subset of the [fetch](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/) API for [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/).

> 

Reviewer: Comment to line 49
Articles are missing.
Change to:
"[Versioned Layer Read example](./examples/nodejs-read-versioned-layer.md) shows how to retrieve layer metadata, partition metadata, and partition data from a versioned layer using the OLP SDK for TypeScript."

> [Volatile Layer Read example](./examples/nodejs-read-volatile-layer.md) shows how to retrieve layer metadata, partition metadata, and partition data from volatile layer using OLP SDK for TypeScript.

Reviewer: Articles are missing.
Change to:
"[Volatile Layer Read example](./examples/nodejs-read-volatile-layer.md) shows how to retrieve layer metadata, partition metadata, and partition data from a volatile layer using the OLP SDK for TypeScript."

## <a name="catalog-client"></a> CatalogClient

> The main entry point to the OLP is `CatalogClient`. This class provides a high-level interface for retrieval of `OLP` catalog data and configuration, and defines the following operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main entry point to OLP is `CatalogClient`. This class provides a high-level interface to retrieve `OLP` catalog data and configuration, and defines the following operations:
```

> 

Reviewer: Comment to lines 57-58: add full stops at the end of the list items.

Reviewer: Comment to line 60
Change to:
"For more details on how to use the `CatalogClient` object, see the [catalog usage example](./examples/nodejs-examples.md)."
